feat: improve docs for newcomers (#1005)
nodejs/api-docs-tooling: packages/node/README.md

# `@node-core/doc-kit`

The Node.js-specific generators for
[doc-kit](https://github.com/nodejs/doc-kit): outputs consumed by the Node.js
project's own build, release, and documentation processes. If you are not
building Node.js itself (or something shaped exactly like it), you probably

> want one of the [general-purpose generators](https://doc-kit-docs.vercel.app/)

Reviewer: do we want this link or

```suggestion
want one of the [general-purpose generators](https://doc-kit.nodejs.org/)
```

instead.

## Install

```sh
npm install --save-dev @nodejs/doc-kit @node-core/doc-kit
```

## Generators

| Target         | Output                                                                                    |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `man-page`     | The `node.1` manual page, from the CLI options documented in `cli.md`.                    |
| `api-links`    | A mapping of API symbols to their source locations, powering source links on nodejs.org.  |
| `addon-verify` | Extracted C++ addon code samples from `addons.md`, arranged for compilation by the tests. |

## Usage

```sh
npx doc-kit generate -t man-page -i "doc/api/cli.md" -o out
```

> See the [doc-kit documentation](https://doc-kit-docs.vercel.app/) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [doc-kit documentation](https://doc-kit.nodejs.org/) for
```
